[Programmatic payments] stored payment methods request delete (#878)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/webhooks/synchronous-events/stored-payment-method.mdx

More details about flow can be found [here](docs/developer/payments.mdx#requesting-deletion-of-stored-payment-method).

### Request

The example below shows a sample webhook subscription defined for
[STORED_PAYMENT_METHOD_DELETE_REQUESTED](api-reference/webhooks/enums/webhook-event-type-sync-enum.mdx#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypesyncenumbstored_payment_method_delete_requestedbcode)
webhook:

```graphql
subscription {
  event {
    ... on StoredPaymentMethodDeleteRequested {
      user {
        id
      }
      paymentMethodId
      channel {
        currencyCode
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The example below shows the pre-defined payload that will be used in the case when a subscription query is not provided:

```json
{
  "user_id": "VXNlcjoyOA==",
  "channel_slug": "main"
}
```

### Response

The app needs to return the status of the requested deletion.

The response in this case should have the following structure:

```json
{

>   "success": "<Boolean, determine the status of the requested action.>",

Reviewer: Now I'm wondering if it wouldn't make more sense to pass `status` (enum) instead of a boolean. Similar to `TransactionEventTypeEnum`

>   "success": "<Boolean, determine the status of the requested action.>",
>   "message": "<Optionall, message that will be passed to the frontend>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "success": "<Boolean, determines the status of the requested action.>",
  "message": "<Optional, message that will be passed to the frontend>"
```

- `INTERACTIVE` - Payment method can be used for 1 click checkout - it's prefilled in checkout
  form (might require additional authentication from user).

## Delete stored payment method requested

`STORED_PAYMENT_METHOD_DELETE_REQUESTED`

:::info

This feature was introduced in **Saleor 3.16**.

:::

> A synchronous webhook [STORED_PAYMENT_METHOD_DELETE_REQUESTED](api-reference/webhooks/enums/webhook-event-type-sync-enum.mdx#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypesyncenumbstored_payment_method_delete_requestedbcode) is called when the user requests the deletion of the stored payment method. User can request the deletion of stored payment method by triggering the mutation [storedPaymentMethodRequestDelete](api-reference/payments/mutations/stored-payment-method-request-delete.mdx).
> More details about flow can be found [here](developer/payments.mdx#requesting-deletion-of-stored-payment-method).

Reviewer 2: **polish**:

```suggestion
A synchronous webhook [STORED_PAYMENT_METHOD_DELETE_REQUESTED](api-reference/webhooks/enums/webhook-event-type-sync-enum.mdx#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypesyncenumbstored_payment_method_delete_requestedbcode) is called when the user requests the deletion of the stored payment method. User can request the deletion of the stored payment method by triggering the mutation [storedPaymentMethodRequestDelete](api-reference/payments/mutations/stored-payment-method-request-delete.mdx).
More details about the flow can be found [here](developer/payments.mdx#requesting-deletion-of-stored-payment-method).
```

### Request

The example below shows a sample webhook subscription defined for
[STORED_PAYMENT_METHOD_DELETE_REQUESTED](api-reference/webhooks/enums/webhook-event-type-sync-enum.mdx#code-style-fontweight-normal-webhookeventtypesyncenumbstored_payment_method_delete_requestedbcode)
webhook:

```graphql
subscription {
  event {
    ... on StoredPaymentMethodDeleteRequested {
      user {
        id
      }
      paymentMethodId
      channel {
        currencyCode
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The example below shows the pre-defined payload that will be used in the case when a subscription query is not provided:

```json
{

>   "user_id": "VXNlcjoyOA==",

Author: Of course. Thanks for catching this. I forgot to add it in the docs.
